"So that you looked at someone, bad-headed. This song 1, bad-headed, is I'm going to highlight this
. I like this. And you look at it. And then of course I will go by the following last year's. That
means so. But I like that. That."
"So here, of course the words he said, I'm going to teach this. I'm going to teach of the Flight of
the Garuda. Everybody listen carefully. That means love in your respect. This the teaching, you
know, teaching is not teaching something out of the space, someone's nature or something like that.
It's not the history. It's really teaching of the nugget of our nature, your own nature, my own
nature. Therefore, you should listen carefully.
How the Traod is residing within our art, our nature. Nature. Even the Traod is residing in our
nature, our nature of the mind. We didn't recognize this. That is how. What for the morals? What
also? For that, Estonia. This Traod being so with us, never left us. Even one moment.
But still we didn't recognize it. How awesome. How marvelous. How strange. How strange this is.
That is what is it. It's right here.
So there is, he pointed out, seven morals or seven strange. How strange that we didn't recognize
this with us. You read this. This is again, as I said, this is the teaching of the nature of our
mind, nature of your mind, nature of my mind.
And therefore, each teaching is not pointing out somewhere else. Of course, this is nature of
somewhere else. But you always, we should point back to ourself. We're going to look to ourself.
This is the, we're discovering our nature, our innate good.
Good. This innate good is this. It's the Buddha-nature. Right here, residing. And this is how you
read this. You read this and you strengthen your understanding.
There is seven beautiful statements pointing out that nature is residing right with us. It's
beautiful, marvelous. The Traod is right here.
So that is the first part of this section of the teachings.
Then, the second is Song 2. Song 2, if you look to this. And here's a pointing out, pointing out
that Buddha gave us, as I said, and you all know that.
Give 80 portfolios, different teachings. All different teachings. Buddha gave teachings and all
those great masters, until now, giving the teachings.
Fundamentally, we're looking, teachings are all designed to discover our innate nature. Your innate
nature.
There's nothing, take teachings, say, take advantages, till you become the winner of them, kind of
crushing someone's.
Every teaching directly, indirectly tells, discovering our own innate nature, natural. That's the
every teachings, the one voice says.
That nature is what is our nature of the mind. And mind is where our mind is not outside. Our mind
is with us, with you, with me.
It's that, when we discover the nature of the mind, or when we see the nature of the mind, we
discover everything.
We discover everything, we discover the entire teaching of the Buddha Chaturmas, entire, all those
great master's teachings, we discover.
And that, discover in that nature. That's what the second song says. How important to discover this
nature.
Nature, this nature is mind. Mind is everything. Therefore, don't go outside. Don't go thinking
something else to do.
Walk with your mind. If really we like to make the difference, walk with our mind. Walk with our
own self.
If we don't walk with our own mind, doing something else, no matter how much you do, it won't help
too deep.
It's not going to touch too deep to the root. It's just of course, on the surface, only on the
surface.
It will help to benefit your time for a while, or a little bit to help me, but it's really not
going to help.
Therefore, to walk with the mind is so important. This is everything. That's what it says.
Therefore, mind is everything. Mind from the mind comes from samsara, from mind comes from nirvana.
Mind is the source of everything. If we drill with mind, then we're dealing with the issue.
That's really nature itself. It's a self-self.
And that, if you do anything here, this second song, explaining how that is important.
If you walk with this mind, no matter if you don't know all the Buddha teachings, all these things,
you will get the realizations. You will get the realizations.
If you do the walk with mind, no matter how much you know all the teachings of the Buddha,
all the knowledge of the world still has become just intellectual. It's not really going to the
deep door.
Therefore, doing it with the mind is the most crucial and important.
And for that reason, you should walk with mind.
So that is basically the principle teachings of this song too.
Then explaining about mind. Ourself, mind is so important.
Where is this mind? As I said before, mind is not outside. Mind is within ourself.
Also, we're not talking this time mind or others.
All the teaching tells to everyone. It's teaching to everyone. It's teaching to the mind, their
mind.
But individually, when we practice, we're going to think of ourself.
Looking inward, where is this mind? Where is our mind?
And we think it's not outside. Where is my mind? It's not outside.
And it is in. And where is this mind now?
Where is this mind? What is this mind is? And where is it going, this mind?
What is the nature of this mind? And that is what this song three explains.
All this, when you look to your mind and try to figure out your mind,
then it is transparent, lucid and emptiness. Yet, it is here.
It's not that negation, blank status. Mind is right here.
That is the one. You look carefully, carefully, discovering mind is empty.
Mind is openness. Mind is a verbal status, verbal status.
So, that is what you really look at. That is what this three, the fourth, sorry, third song
explains.
So, that is really about that. And the fourth song.
The fourth song, then, again, more clearly, clearly, now directly look into our mind.
Directly, our mind is where mind is coming from. Where mind is now?
Where is going out? Where is mind when out, present our mind?
Oh, where past time, where mind come from? Where past mind stayed?
Where past mind went? Where this present mind is coming?
Where present this mind is, is? Where it's going?
Where future mind is going to come? Where future mind is going to stay?
Where future mind is going to go?
And we started thinking, analyze that every time we reach to the speechless status.
There is nothing else.
This is, of course, in Zouki teaching, it's directly pointed out in the teachings.
But it is still some analogizations.
At the same time, it's introducing natural mind.
It's empty. Emptiness mind and it's also a various mind.
Emptiness and appearance inseparable.
Mind is here, mind is not there. That is how it is.
Mind is here, we can think all this, but where mind is not there?
Because we don't mind.
These are not methodological stories.
Peri tells, it is true. It's true. You look to your self.
That is what Red Master said. You look to your mind.
No one is better knowledgeable to your own mind than yourself, our self, our own mind.
Look to our mind.
And read this teaching, look to our mind, if it's true. That is, that's it.
Then, that is what we know. So, this is what this second song tells us.
Generally, when you practice meditating, what we need is most important.
The first is, of course, all the devotion, joy, the appreciation, and for relaxation thoughts.
Those are so important.
Once we have those thoughts, sizzling thoughts, then the second thing that is most important is
confidence.
You have to have confidence to your wounds.
When we are practicing, we are not going to linger with doubt and hesitate.
That is hindrance.
So therefore, this innerization will help to establish our confidence in our practice as mind is
empty.
Mind is empty. It's not just empty negation.
Mind is appearance. Appearance and emptiness are inseparable states.
This is what we need realization. That is, we need confidence.
This confidence means nobody can shut up your confidence.
True, it is true.
When it is true, nobody can change that.
You have certainty versus us.
Therefore, then, this is the realization with this.
You carefully accept that.
This is what the nature of the mind is.
It is empty.
Appearance and emptiness are inseparable states.
That is song thought.
The song pimp is explaining about how our nature of the mind is pure.
Our nature of the mind is completely pure from the beginning.
It is never deluded.
Deluded.
And therefore, the great Master Shabashek, if you read these texts,
at the beginning of time, the Buddha Samadha Badra or the Buddha Shakyamali,
we are equal. There is no really difference.
No really difference. The pure from the beginning states.
It is all the same.
But how Buddha Samadha Badra become the Buddha and how we deluded?
Deluded.
And that is explained here.
We hear the same nature, same polity, same potential, same thing.
But how we deluded and then Buddha reached the enlightenment.
Because Buddha reached the enlightenment by seeing that all are the display of the true nature of
the mind.
By seeing that, by recognizing, by realizing that everything is the display of the nature of the
mind
and that moment reaching enlightenment or become no more delusions.
But we didn't recognize our perceptions or in the roughly, we went through those last years.
So if you like to go, you can know there is more.
But this so very simple to tell, we deluded, we didn't recognize our perceptions, our displays as
our perceptions.
We carried away with this thought and then we deluded.
We deluded, then we started wondering that.
Buddha recognized immediately when the appearance appeared from the display and then immediately
reaching enlightenment
or Buddha reaching enlightenment and we didn't recognize that nature.
And then we deluded in the samsara.
We carried by then emotions, we subject, object, continuous that.
So that's how this all, all happened.
From that, then all the different emotions arise.
When senses are recognized, they're the angels and then that means you start grasping, clinging and
throw that.
All the duality and then start different things, different emotions arise.
We continue carried away with that.
So those are five songs but it really, I highlighted that.
So those are what we went through last years.